Describing Kafka consumer behaviour when consuming from multiple topics (#3931)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-pubsub/setup-apache-kafka.md

  secretStore: <SECRET_STORE_NAME>
```

> ## Consuming from multiple topics

Reviewer: Is it best to call this title "Optimizing when consuming multiple topics" or similar?

Author: Initially I had put this down as "Optimizing" but based on the feedback on the open issue around this behaviour as well as the conversations I've had with other developers, this feels/is like a workaround and not an optimisation. Because of that I opted not to put anything other a simple title, as listed above.

Thoughts?

Reviewer: Sounds good. Then let's leave it as is.

> When consuming from multiple topics using a single pub/sub component, there is no guarantee about how the consumers in your consumer group are balanced across the topic partitions. For instance, if you are subscribing to two topics with 10 partitions per topic and you have 20 replicas of your service consuming from the two topics, then there is no guarantee that 10 will be assigned to the first topic and 10 to the second topic. It could be possible that more than 10 are assigned to the first topic and subsequently less than 10 assigned to the second topic. This can result in idle consumers listening to the first topic and over-extended consumers on the second topic, or vice versa. This same beheaviour can be observed when using auto-scalers such as HPA or KEDA.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When consuming from multiple topics using a single pub/sub component, there is no guarantee about how the consumers in your consumer group are balanced across the topic partitions. 

For instance, let's say you are subscribing to two topics with 10 partitions per topic and you have 20 replicas of your service consuming from the two topics. There is no guarantee that 10 will be assigned to the first topic and 10 to the second topic. Instead, the partitions could be divided unequally, with more than 10 assigned to the first topic and the rest assigned to the second topic. 

This can result in idle consumers listening to the first topic and over-extended consumers on the second topic, or vice versa. This same behavior can be observed when using auto-scalers such as HPA or KEDA.
```

broke up the paragraph a bit, just because it makes it easier for people to read/skim

> If you run into this particular issue, it is recommended that you configure a single pub/sub component per topic with uniquely defined consumer groups per component. This will guarantee that all replicas of your service are fully allocated to the unique consumer group, where each consumer group targets one specific topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run into this particular issue, it is recommended that you configure a single pub/sub component per topic with uniquely defined consumer groups per component. This guarantees that all replicas of your service are fully allocated to the unique consumer group, where each consumer group targets one specific topic.
```

Author: Suggestion applied. Thanks @msfussell 👍
